README.md, before:

# Free Portfolio Website Templates
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" height="20" alt="PRs Welcome"> 
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">
    <img alt="Contributor Covenant" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-green.svg?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/stargazers">
    <img alt="GitHub Stars" src="https://badgen.net/github/stars/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/network">
    <img alt="GitHub Forks" src="https://badgen.net/github/forks/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/?style=flat-square">
</p>

A collection of **100% FREE** to use portfolio website templates.

## ⚡ Features

✅ Fast

✅ FREE

✅ Mobile Responsive

✅ SEO Friendly

✅ Compatible with any web server

✅ 0 Dependencies

## 🎨 Templates

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/hacker">Hacker</a></h3>
<img src="./images/hacker.png" alt="hacker-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/indify">Indify</a></h3>
<img src="./images/indify.png" alt="indify-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/plain">Plain</a></h3>
<img src="./images/plain.png" alt="plain-screenshot"/>
  
<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/beginner">Beginner</a></h3>
<img src="./images/beginner.png" alt="beginner-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/outlines">Outlines</a></h3>
<img src="./images/outlines.png" alt="outlines-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/clean">Clean</a></h3>
<img src="./images/clean.png" alt="clean-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/deepsea">Deep Sea</a></h3>
<img src="./images/deepsea.png" alt="deepsea-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/simple">Simple</a></h3>
<img src="./images/simple.PNG" alt="simple-screenshot"/>

## 🎯 Contributing

Please read the project's [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## 📋 Code of Conduct
This project and everyone participating in it are governed by the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you agree to abide by this code of conduct.

## 📃 License

Freefolio is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤔 I am not a web developer, how do I setup my portfolio website?

Need help with setting up your portfolio website?

Contact us at https://ossph.org

Commit message:

docs: update content
- included the ci event trigger

README.md, after:

# Free Portfolio Website Templates
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" height="20" alt="PRs Welcome"> 
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">
    <img alt="Contributor Covenant" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-green.svg?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/stargazers">
    <img alt="GitHub Stars" src="https://badgen.net/github/stars/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/?style=flat-square">
  <a href="https://github.com/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/network">
    <img alt="GitHub Forks" src="https://badgen.net/github/forks/OSSPhilippines/freefolio/?style=flat-square">
</p>

A collection of **100% FREE** to use portfolio website templates.

## ⚡ Features

✅ Fast

✅ FREE

✅ Mobile Responsive

✅ SEO Friendly

✅ Compatible with any web server

✅ 0 Dependencies

## 🎨 Templates

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/hacker">Hacker</a></h3>
<img src="./images/hacker.png" alt="hacker-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/indify">Indify</a></h3>
<img src="./images/indify.png" alt="indify-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/plain">Plain</a></h3>
<img src="./images/plain.png" alt="plain-screenshot"/>
  
<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/beginner">Beginner</a></h3>
<img src="./images/beginner.png" alt="beginner-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/outlines">Outlines</a></h3>
<img src="./images/outlines.png" alt="outlines-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/clean">Clean</a></h3>
<img src="./images/clean.png" alt="clean-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/deepsea">Deep Sea</a></h3>
<img src="./images/deepsea.png" alt="deepsea-screenshot"/>

<h3><a href="https://ossphilippines.github.io/freefolio/simple">Simple</a></h3>
<img src="./images/simple.PNG" alt="simple-screenshot"/>

## 😤 I own the content in your templates

If any of the content from our collection is own by you or your organization and it has no proper attribution to the owner, please send us an email at opensourcesoftwareph@gmail.com. This happens sometimes and we apologize if we overlooked it. 

## 🎯 Contributing

Please read the project's [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## 📋 Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it are governed by the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you agree to abide by this code of conduct.

## 📃 License

Freefolio is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤔 I am not a web developer, how do I setup my portfolio website?

Need help with setting up your portfolio website?

Contact us at https://ossph.org
